README.md, before:

# IntuneFirewallRulesMigration
Intune firewall rules migration tool upgraded to PS 7 and the new Graph API cmdlets

# Important

To use these scripts, you must:
- Install and use PowerShell 7 (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.2)
- Install the modules Microsoft.Graph.Authentication and Az.Accounts
- For the rules export, the script must be run as administrator
- For the rules import, you must manually run Connect-MgGraph to connect to a tenant in the same PowerShell session in which you will be running this script
- For the rules import, the account used to connect to graph API must have sufficient permission to create firewall profiles

The export outputs empty rules. These should be removed before importing.

# Exporting firewall rules

Export-FirewallRules.ps1 -OperationMode Export <-includeLocalRules> -RulesFile 'C:\tmp\file-to-dump-the-rules.json'

# Importing firewall rules

Export-FirewallRules.ps1 -OperationMode Import -RulesFile 'C:\tmp\file-with-the-dumped-rules.json' -TargetCloud <usgov/german/china/global>

Commit message:

update readme with permission info

README.md, after:

# IntuneFirewallRulesMigration
Intune firewall rules migration tool upgraded to PS 7 and the new Graph API cmdlets

# Important

To use these scripts, you must:
- Install and use PowerShell 7 (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.2)
- Install the modules Microsoft.Graph.Authentication and Az.Accounts
- The script must be run as administrator (it uses the appx package which needs admin)
- For the rules import, you must manually run Connect-MgGraph to connect to a tenant in the same PowerShell session in which you will be running this script
- For the rules import, the account used to connect to graph API must have sufficient permission to create firewall profiles. From what I can see there is no built-in role that has the required permission (DeviceManagementConfiguration.ReadWrite.All), therefore I recommend you create a service principal (aka app registration) with this permission and log on as the service principal.

The export outputs empty rules. These should be removed before importing.

# Exporting firewall rules

```
Export-FirewallRules.ps1 -OperationMode Export <-includeLocalRules> -RulesFile 'C:\tmp\file-to-dump-the-rules.json'
```

# Importing firewall rules

```
Export-FirewallRules.ps1 -OperationMode Import -RulesFile 'C:\tmp\file-with-the-dumped-rules.json' -TargetCloud <usgov/german/china/global>
```

# Logging on to graph using a service principal:

```
$tenant = '<tenant id here>'
$appid = '<app id here>'
$secret = '<secret value here>'
$sec = $secret | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlainText -Force
$credential = New-Object -TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSCredential -ArgumentList $appid,$sec
Connect-AzAccount -Environment <sovereign cloud name or omit this parameter if you are connecting to global cloud> -ServicePrincipal -TenantId $tenant -Credential $credential
$token = (Get-AzAccessToken -ResourceTypeName MSGraph).Token
Connect-MgGraph -Environment <sovereign cloud name or omit this parameter if you are connecting to global cloud> -AccessToken $token
```
